Add GH80-1800 (#9981)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/maartenwut/gh80_1800/keymaps/default/readme.md

> This is the default keymap for the Eon87.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the default keymap for the GH80-1800.
```
